Add repo readme indexing all services (#43)
wso2/open-healthcare-prebuilt-services: README.md

## Overview

> This repository comprises prebuilt healthcare-related services that are ready for immediate use. Users have the flexibility to deploy and run these services in their respective environments. Optionally, these services can be deployed in [Choreo](https://console.choreo.dev/home) as well. For further details, refer to the documentation of the individual services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository comprises pre-built healthcare-related services, designed for instant use without without the need for any modifications. Users have the flexibility to deploy and run these services in their respective environments. Optionally, these services can be deployed in [Choreo](https://console.choreo.dev/home) as well. For further details, refer to the documentation of the individual services.
```

Reviewer: WDYT on the above suggestions?

Author: I feel the above already implies this. Doesn't it?

Reviewer: +1. prebuilt should be pre-built

> 

Reviewer 2: Shall we add a pre-requisite section? mention the software requirements etc.

Author: added

## Available Services
### Conformance
#### [Metadata Service](conformance/metadata-fhirr4-service/)
This service facilitates the exposure of a capability statement describing the current operational functionality of a FHIR server.

#### [SMART Configuration Service](conformance/smart-config-fhirr4-service/)
This service can be used to expose the discovery document containing authorization endpoint URLs and SMART-features supported by a FHIR server.

### Transformation
#### [HL7v2 to FHIR](transformation/v2-to-fhirr4-service/)
Transform HL7v2 messages into FHIR resources using this service.

#### [CCDA to FHIR](transformation/ccda-to-fhirr4-service/)

> This service can be usde to transform C-CDA messages into FHIR resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service can be used to transform C-CDA messages into FHIR resources.
```

### EHR Related
#### EPIC Services
These services can be used to integrate with an Epic instance and expose Epic FHIR APIs.

- [Epic FHIR R4 Administration Service](ehr-connectivity/epic-fhirr4-administration-api-service/)
- [Epic FHIR R4 Clinical Service](ehr-connectivity/epic-fhirr4-clinical-api-service/)
- [Epic FHIR R4 Diagnostics Service](ehr-connectivity/epic-fhirr4-diagnostics-api-service/)
- [Epic FHIR R4 Financial Service](ehr-connectivity/epic-fhirr4-financial-api-service/)
- [Epic FHIR R4 Medications Service](ehr-connectivity/epic-fhirr4-medications-api-service/)
- [Epic FHIR R4 Workflow Service](ehr-connectivity/epic-fhirr4-workflow-api-service/)

### Miscellaneous
#### [Authorization Service](miscellaneous/authz-fhirr4-service/)

> Apply basic patient and privileged user-based authorization policies for FHIR APIs using this service.

Reviewer: This service basically evaluate the policies?

Author: Yes. And we can use this evaluation to secure a FHIR API. So ultimately the policies get applied to the API.

#### [Audit Service](miscellaneous/audit-service/)
Record audit events upon calling FHIR APIs using this service.

#### [FHIR Path Service](miscellaneous/fhirpath-service/)

> Evaluate FHIR path expressions against a FHIR payload using this service.

Reviewer: Shall we rephrase the sentences with "Use this service" eg: "Use this service to evaluate FHIR path expressions against a FHIR payload." WDYT?

Author: Any reason for that? Both imply same meaning ryt?
